[[Программирование/Java/JavaBasics/Fundamentals/Java]]
1.
The compiler looks at the declared type of the object and the method
name. Note that there may be multiple methods, all with the same name,
f, but with different parameter types. For example, there may be a method
f(int) and a method f(String). The compiler enumerates all methods called f
in the class C and all accessible methods called f in the superclasses of C.
(Private methods of the superclass are not accessible.)
Now the compiler knows all possible candidates for the method to be
called.
2.
Next, the compiler determines the types of the arguments supplied in
the method call. If among all the methods called f there is a unique
method whose parameter types are a best match for the supplied argu-
ments, that method is chosen to be called. This process is called overload-
ing resolution. For example, in a call x.f("Hello"), the compiler picks f(String)
and not f(int). The situation can get complex because of type conversions
(int to double, Manager to Employee, and so on). If the compiler cannot find any
method with matching parameter types or if multiple methods all match
after applying conversions, the compiler reports an error.
Now the compiler knows the name and parameter types of the method
that needs to be called.
3.

If the method is private, static, final, or a constructor, then the compiler
knows exactly which method to call. (The final modifier is explained in
the next section.) This is called static binding. Otherwise, the method to
be called depends on the actual type of the implicit parameter, and dy-
namic binding must be used at runtime. In our example, the compiler
would generate an instruction to call f(String) with dynamic binding.
4.
When the program runs and uses dynamic binding to call a method, the
virtual machine must call the version of the method that is appropriate
for the actual type of the object to which x refers. Let’s say the actual type
is D, a subclass of C. If the class D defines a method f(String), that method is
called. If not, D’s superclass is searched for a method f(String), and so on.
It would be time-consuming to carry out this search every time a method
is called. Instead, the virtual machine precomputes for each class a
method table that lists all method signatures and the actual methods to
be called. When a method is actually called, the virtual machine simply
makes a table lookup. In our example, the virtual machine consults the
method table for the class D and looks up the method to call for f(String).
That method may be D.f(String) or X.f(String), where X is some superclass
of D. There is one twist to this scenario. If the call is super.f(param), then
the compiler consults the method table of the superclass of the implicit
parameter.